[OLIVER]: PREVIOUSLY,
ON    SIGNED, SEALED, DELIVERED...
[SHANE]: IF SOMEONE TELLS YOU
THEY'RE LEAVING YOU,
YOU'D THINK THAT
THEY'D STOP CHECKING
EVERY LETTER
THAT COMES THROUGH FROM FRANCE.
I KNOW YOU POURED
YOUR WHOLE HEART
INTO THAT BOOK.
THANK YOU, CORA.
[OLIVER]: I THINK IT'S BEST
IF WE DIDN'T DANCE TOGETHER.
WHAT? WHY?
[♪]
[LAUGHTER RISES NEARBY]
[GIRLS GIGGLING]
[GIRL]: UNTIL
YOU'RE SO OLD
ALL YOUR TEETH
FALL OUT!
[GIRL #2]: UNTIL YOU'RE
SO OLD YOUR TEETH
AND FACE FALLS OFF!
FACES DON'T FALL OFF!
THAT'S JUST CRAZY.
YOU'RE CRAZY.
YOU ARE!
UNTIL ALL YOUR HAIR
FALLS OUT!
YOU ARE. UNTIL
ALL YOU HAIR FALLS OUT
AND YOU'RE BALD
AND YOU LOOK LIKE AN EGG.
UNTIL ALL YOUR HAIR
AND YOUR EYEBROWS FALL OUT
AND YOU LOOK LIKE
A ROTTEN EGG!
GOOD MORNING,
MY CRAZY GIRLS.
[GIGGLING CONTINUES]
[LAUGHTER FADES]
[♪]
[BELL JINGLES]
HELLO?
[FOOTSTEPS]
MORNING!
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
MAGGIE.
IT'S CARRIE ATKINSON.
DO YOU REMEMBER ME?
CARRIE?
OH, FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE!
HOW LONG HAS IT BEEN?
HOW ARE YOU?
HOW ARE THE--
OH, HONEY.
OH, MY DEAR.
I NEED A FAVOR, MAGGIE.
I NEED YOUR HELP.
♪ SEND ME LOVE EVERY DAY
♪ AND SEND ME ON MY WAY
♪ DELIVER ME
JUST DELIVER ME ♪
[♪]
-OH!
-MS. MINER.
OLIVER. HOW ARE
YOU THIS MORNING?
WELL. HOW ARE YOU?
I AM ALSO WELL.
THAT'S GOOD.
YES, IT IS.
HEADS UP!
COMIN' THROUGH!
[SKATES RUMBLING]
RITA, ARE YOU
ACTUALLY--
ON ROLLER SKATES...
...IN THE U.S.
POST OFFICE?
WELL, I READ ALL 12 ISSUES OF
INTERNATIONAL DELIVERY MONTHLY
FROM 2012 YESTERDAY,
AND IN IT THERE'S AN ARTICLE
ABOUT HOW THEY USE ROLLER SKATES
IN THE MAIN POST OFFICE
IN FINLAND,
AND GUESS WHAT?
THEIR DELIVERY RATE
IS UP BY 47%!
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
SO, HOW WAS YOUR BALLROOM DANCE
SHOWCASE ON FRIDAY?
OH, UH...
THERE WAS
AN UNEXPECTED DEVELOPMENT
AND WE WERE
FORCED TO CANCEL.
FUNNY.
THAT'S NOT QUITE
HOW I REMEMBER IT.
WAS UNEXPECTED,
THOUGH.
[♪]
OH, HEY!
HOW DID IT GO?
WITH... THE...
BRONCOS
THIS WEEKEND?
DENVER BRONCOS ARE
A FOOTBALL TEAM, NORMAN.
THEY HAVEN'T PLAYED
SINCE FEBRUARY.
AH! GOOD TO KNOW.
I'M NOT
VERY ATHLETIC.
WELL, APPARENTLY,
RITA HAS DECIDED TO BE.
YES! WE ARE ALL JUST
FULL OF SURPRISES, AREN'T WE?
[WHISPERS]:
THEY DIDN'T DO THEIR DANCE.
OH...
[RUMBLING]
PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
WHAT DO WE HAVE
HERE, NORMAN?
AH!
A HIGH-GRADE,
REINFORCED,
CORRUGATED SHIPPING BOX,
POSTMARKED A WEEK AGO,
MARKED "FRAGILE,"
"THIS SIDE UP,"
MISSING A LABEL.
RETURN ADDRESS MUST'VE BEEN
PRINTED ON THE LABEL, SO.
NO IDENTIFYING MARKS.
WELL, NOTHING HERE
TO CONVENIENTLY SEARCH OR TWEET.
GUESS WE'LL HAVE TO RELY ON GOOD
OLD-FASHIONED INTELLECT, HUH?
OKAY.
IT SAYS "MAGGIE."
SENDER IS FEMALE.
HANDWRITING TAPERS OFF,
WITH A LIGHT TOUCH.
BUT THERE IS A NOTE
ON THE BACK,
MALE HANDWRITING--
"THIS ENVELOPE HAS BEEN..."
OH, MY.
[♪]
"THIS ENVELOPE
HAS BEEN INCLUDED
"AT THE REQUEST OF,
AND BY PRIOR ARRANGEMENTS WITH,
THE DECEASED."
[♪]
WHAT IS THAT?
WELL, IT APPEARS TO BE
THE MISPLACED ASHES
OF THE DECEASED.
MORE IMPORTANTLY,
I THINK THE QUESTION MIGHT BE
"WHO IS THAT?"
MY NEXT-DOOR-NEIGHBOR
GOT LOST IN THE MAIL ONCE.
HE WAS TRYING TO
SEND HIMSELF TO FRESNO.
FOR CHRISTMAS.
I'LL RUN
A COMPREHENSIVE SEARCH
OF LOST-AND-FOUND CLAIMS
FOR THE PAST WEEK,
WITH A FILTER FOR "ASHES"
AND "URN."
THIS WON'T TAKE LONG.
WATCH AND LEARN, NORMAN.
OKAY.
NORMAN,
PLEASE TAKE NOTE
THAT A SENSITIVE MATTER
SUCH AS THIS
REQUIRES GREAT...
SENSITIVITY.
ALL WE DO NOW,
NORMAN,
IS WAIT FOR THE POSTAL
LOST-AND-FOUND PROGRAM
TO FIND A MATCH.
OUGHT TO HAVE IT
IN JUST A MINUTE,
AND WE'LL HAVE OLD HARRY,
OR HARRIET,
BACK HOME BY LUNCH.
ZIP. ZAP. BOOM.
ANY MINUTE NOW...
[♪]
ANY SECOND.
HAS ANYBODY SEEN
MY 1946
INVERTED-PINK PELICAN STAMP?
IT WAS JUST HERE.
HUH!
DID YOU KNOW
THAT RITA'S FAVORITE FOOD
IS THE JERUSALEM ARTICHOKE?
I DID NOT
KNOW THAT.
AND HOW IS IT
THAT YOU KNOW THAT?
WELL, IT SAYS SO RIGHT HERE
ON HER APPLICATION
FOR THE "MISS SPECIAL DELIVERY
PAGEANT."
OH, HEY!
THIS IS AN APPLICATION
FOR THE MISS SPECIAL
DELIVERY PAGEANT.
REALLY? LET ME SEE.
NO! NO-NO-NO, NO!
OH, PLEASE,
GIVE ME THAT BACK.
I'M SORRY, I'M SORRY.
I SAW IT
AND I READ IT,
AND I'M SORRY.
YOU SIGNED UP
FOR THE PAGEANT?
OH, NOT YET.
BUT YOU SHOULD.
THIS IS WONDERFUL.
IT IS?
YES! WE ARE
100% BEHIND YOU.
AREN'T WE, NORMAN?
YEAH. RIGHT BEHIND.
THERE SHE IS.
MISS SPECIAL DELIVERY
OF 2014.
[FLUSTERED MUTTERING]
OH. WHAT'S THAT?
OH, UH...
THAT IS AN URN FULL OF HARRY.
OR MAYBE HARRIET.
[COMPUTER CHIRPS]
AH. WE'RE ABOUT TO FIND OUT.
AND IT ONLY TOOK A MINUTE.
ISN'T TECHNOLOGY WONDER--
...FUL?
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
WHAT?
NOTHING.
NO CLAIMS, NO INQUIRIES.
NOBODY'S LOOKING
FOR HARRY.
OR HARRIET,
FOR THAT MATTER.
[♪]
MY UNCLE HOWARD HAD HIS ASHES
PUT IN A BIODEGRADABLE URN
WITH A TREE SEEDLING IN IT,
AND WE PLANTED HIM.
NOW HE'S A SAPLING.
REALLY, NORMAN?
WHEN HE GROWS UP,
HE'S GONNA BE A DOUGLAS FIR.
OH. MAYBE HE'LL BE
A CHRISTMAS TREE SOMEDAY.
ALRIGHT.
WE HAVE
TWO ADDRESSED ENVELOPES.
ONE TO A "CAITLYN ATKINSON"
AND A "VANESSA DOHERTY."
AND THERE'S A LETTER,
WHICH READS--
"DEAR MAGGIE,
"THE TIME HAS COME
AND HERE I AM.
"I'M ENCLOSING BOTH LETTERS
FOR YOU TO MAIL
"AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THIS.
"AFTER ALL WE SHARED,
"YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
I TRUST WITH THEM.
"THANKS FOR BEING THERE
WHEN IT MATTERED MOST.
"THANKS
FOR KEEPING YOUR PROMISE.
YOUR FRIEND, CARRIE."
THAT'S VERY SAD.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT IT MEANS.
IT MEANS SOMEBODY NAMED CARRIE
SENT HERSELF
TO SOMEBODY NAMED MAGGIE.
YEAH, AND I BET THE ANSWERS
ARE IN THOSE LETTERS.
MS. MINER?
WAY AHEAD OF YOU.
I TRACKED THEIR ADDRESSES
TO PHONE RECORDS.
CAITLYN ATKINSON
ON PEARL STREET,
AND VANESSA DOHERTY--
CHERRY HILLS.
THAT WAS FAST.
EASY. I USED MY COMPUTER.
AND MY BRAIN.
[DIALING]
YES.
LEAVING A MESSAGE FOR
A MS. CAITLYN ATKINSON.
THIS IS THE DEAD LETTER OFFICE
FROM THE UNITED STATES
POSTAL SERVICE.
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU'VE GOT.
...WITH REGARDS TO
A PACKAGE WE RECEIVED.
RITA! THE DEADLINE TO SIGN UP
FOR THE PAGEANT IS 5:00.
-PLEASE RETURN OUR CALL...
-TODAY!
I KNOW, BUT IT TOOK ME 3 DAYS
TO ANSWER ALL THE QUESTIONS
AND FILL OUT THE ESSAY,
AND-- [SIGHS]
WELL, NOW I HAVE TO DECLARE
AN ACT FOR THE TALENT SECTION,
AND... [SIGHS]
I DON'T HAVE A TALENT.
UH, YOU'RE A NOVELIST.
YOU WROTE "RENITA HAYWEATHER:
FRONTIER DUCHESS."
IT'S NOT ENOUGH.
I HAVE TO PUT SOMETHING
ON THE APPLICATION,
LIKE SINGING, OR DANCING,
OR PLAYING THE PIANO,
THEN I HAVE TO GET UP
THE NERVE TO DO IT.
IF THE "FRONTIER DUCHESS"
COULD FIND THE COURAGE
TO CATCH A BANANA BOAT
TO THE NEW WORLD,
DON'T YOU THINK YOU CAN FIND
THE COURAGE TO DO THIS?
[OLIVER]: ...4728.
ALRIGHT, THEN.
BACK TO BUSINESS.
I LEFT MESSAGES
FOR BOTH ADDRESSEES,
THERE'S NOTHING
TO DO NOW BUT WAIT.
[PHONE RINGS]
HELLO?
[♪]
THAT SHOULD BE FINE.
OKAY.
SO THEY'RE SISTERS?
THAT IS WHAT VANESSA
SAID ON THE PHONE.
I'D NEVER LOSE MY MOTHER
IN THE MAIL.
OKAY. I FINALLY
GOT AHOLD OF CAITLYN.
SHE'S ON HER WAY.
SHE SAID, "DON'T LET THAT CRAZY
VANESSA TOUCH THE URN"
UNTIL SHE GETS HERE.
THAT'S WHAT VANESSA SAID
ABOUT CAITLYN,
ONLY HER LANGUAGE
WAS A BIT MORE, UH, COLORFUL.
SHE SHOULD BE HERE
ANY MINUTE.
SO THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING.
[♪]
SO, RITA.
HAVE YOU DECIDED
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO
FOR YOUR TALENT SECTION?
UH...
CAN YOU SING?
PLAY THE PIANO?
TWIRL A BATON?
JUGGLE?
EAT FIRE?
TRICKS
WITH A YO-YO?
MM.
-CONTORTION?
-[CHUCKLES]
RITA, YOU HAVE TO BE
TALENTED AT SOMETHING.
WELL, I HAVE
A PHOTOGRAPHIC MEMORY.
OH! YOU COULD
MEMORIZE THE 2014
POSTAL CODE.
NO. SHE HAS
TO DO SOMETHING
THAT'S UNEXPECTED.
RITA.
A CONTEST AS HIGHLY REGARDED
AS "MISS SPECIAL DELIVERY"
IS A SINGULAR OPPORTUNITY
TO REPRESENT
THE DEAD LETTER OFFICE
AND EVERYTHING WE STAND FOR.
OH. I, UH...
I NEVER THOUGHT OF IT
THAT WAY.
MAY I SUGGEST
A ROUSING SPEECH?
AN HOMAGE
TO THE WRITTEN WORD?
SOMETHING BY
BENJAMIN FRANKLIN,
OUR COUNTRY'S VERY FIRST
POSTMASTER GENERAL?
OH, YES. A SPEECH
BY BENJAMIN FRANKLIN.
NOW, THAT SAYS "ENTERTAINMENT."
MISS MINER--
UH, YOU KNOW...
MY AUNT AMELIA, SHE USED TO
KEEP MY UNCLE ELMER'S ASHES
IN THE BOTTOM DRAWER
OF HER BEDROOM DRESSER.
IT WAS VERY UPSETTING.
HE DESERVED TO BE
IN THE TOP DRAWER.
OH, EXCUSE ME?
I'M LOOKING
FOR OLIVER O'TOOLE.
YES. MISS...?
I'M...
THERE YOU ARE,
CAITLYN.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO COME, NESSA.
I CAN HANDLE THIS.
THAT'S WHAT YOU ALWAYS SAY.
AND LOOK WHERE WE ARE.
AND WHERE ARE WE, VANESSA?
I'M AMAZED
TO FIND YOU ANYWHERE.
AND WHAT IS THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEA--
LADIES?
I'M OLIVER O'TOOLE.
VANESSA DOHERTY.
CAITLYN ATKINSON.
AND THAT, I SUPPOSE...
...IS MAMA.
SO, NEITHER OF YOU
KNOW ANYONE NAMED MAGGIE?
AFTER THE SERVICE,
I THOUGHT
THE FUNERAL DIRECTOR
WOULD GIVE
THE ASHES TO ME.
OR TO ME.
BUT HE SAID THAT MAMA HAD
MADE OTHER ARRANGEMENTS,
AND WE COULD PROBABLY
EXPECT TO RECEIVE
SOME SORT OF
EXPLANATION IN THE MAIL.
SHE ALWAYS HAD
A FLAIR FOR THE DRAMATIC.
ACTUALLY, SHE WAS
VERY ORGANIZED
AND METHODICAL.
I'M SURE
SHE HAD A REASON.
WELL, LET'S JUST READ THE LETTERS
AND FIND OUT WHAT THEY WERE.
SORRY.
THE URN AND THESE LETTERS
ARE STILL UNDER THE PROTECTION
OF THE U.S. POST OFFICE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
HE'S SAYING THAT
EVERYTHING WAS IN A BOX
INTENDED FOR SOMEBODY
NAMED "MAGGIE,"
SO IT HAS TO BE DELIVERED
TO MAGGIE.
WHAT I MEANT WAS,
THEY'RE OUR MOTHER'S ASHES,
THE LETTERS ARE ADDRESSED TO US,
WHY CAN'T WE JUST
CUT TO THE CHASE AND--
I'M SORRY.
WE'RE WALKING
A VERY FINE LINE HERE.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
IF THERE'S
A PRECEDENT FOR THIS.
ACTUALLY, THERE IS.
REGULATION 17250 SECTION C.
OH! RIGHT.
"IN THE EVENT OF INDETERMINATE OWNERSHIP
"OF NON-PROCESSED MAIL,
"THE SECTION LEADER SHALL
ESTABLISH INTENDED DELIVERY
BY EMPLOYING PERSONAL INSPECTION
AND GOOD-FAITH EVALUATION..."
AND MR. O'TOOLE
IS THE POSTER BOY
FOR GOOD FAITH.
LET ME ASSURE YOU,
IT IS OUR POLICY ONLY TO READ
AS FAR AS NECESSARY
TO IDENTIFY THE ADDRESSEE.
[EXHALES HEAVILY]
[OLIVER OPENS ENVELOPE]
[♪]
IT APPEARS TO BE WRITTEN TO YOU BOTH.
"DEAR CAITLYN AND VANESSA,
"YOU ARE EACH RECEIVING A COPY OF THIS LETTER.
"THEY WERE MAILED FOR ME
"BY SOMEONE YOU PROBABLY DON'T REMEMBER,
"BUT SHE WAS A GOOD FRIEND TO US, ONCE,
"WHEN WE NEEDED ONE.
"BY NOW, I IMAGINE YOU ARE WONDERING
"WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO MY ASHES
"AND THAT EACH OF YOU BELIEVES
YOU SHOULD BE THE ONE TO DECIDE
"WHERE MY FINAL RESTING PLACE SHOULD BE.
"AND, IF YOU FULFILL MY LAST WISHES,
"YOU WILL.
"DO YOU REMEMBER
THE SILLY LITTLE TRADITION
"WE USED TO HAVE
"WHEN YOU WERE CHILDREN
"AND DADDY AND I WOULD HAVE
A TREASURE HUNT ON YOUR BIRTHDAY?"
SHE WOULD GIVE US A CLUE
THAT LED TO ANOTHER
AND ANOTHER UNTIL
WE FOUND OUR BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
"WE'D BEEN SUCH A HAPPY FAMILY BEFORE.
"YOU LOVED EACH OTHER SO MUCH,
"THAT I COULD NEVER IMAGINE
"THAT YOU WOULD EVER BE
ANYTHING BUT BEST FRIENDS.
"BUT, AS WE LEARNED,
"TERRIBLE THINGS HAPPEN
WHETHER WE CAN IMAGINE THEM
OR NOT."
I'M SORRY, IF YOU DON'T WANT ME
TO READ THIS ALOUD, I...
NO.
IT'S OKAY.
"ALL A MOTHER WANTS FOR HER CHILDREN
"IS FOR THEM TO BE HAPPY
AND TO HAVE EACH OTHER WHEN SHE IS GONE."
[OVERLAPPING WITH CARRIE]:
"BUT FOR THE LAST 13 YEARS--"
[CARRIE]: "I'VE WATCHED
"TWO LITTLE GIRLS WHO SEEMED INSEPARABLE
"GROW FARTHER AND FARTHER APART.
"WHEN I GOT SICK,
"I REALIZED I MIGHT NEVER LIVE
"TO SEE YOU TWO BE THE SISTERS YOU USED TO BE,
"BUT WITH THIS LITTLE TREASURE HUNT,
AT LEAST I WILL DIE HOPING."
"SO, HERE IT IS.
"GO ON THIS TREASURE HUNT TOGETHER.
MAY IT LEAD YOU BOTH TO ME."
"AND, I HOPE, BACK TO EACH OTHER."
"I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
MAMA."
THE LETTERS ARE IDENTICAL,
THERE'S DOESN'T SEEM TO BE
ANYTHING TO LEAD US TO MAGGIE.
OTHER THAN THE CLUE
AT THE BOTTOM.
WHY WOULD  MAMA GIVE HER ASHES
TO SOMEBODY WE DON'T EVEN KNOW?
WELL, SHE DID SAY
THAT MAGGIE WAS A FRIEND.
SHE MADE
A LOT OF FRIENDS.
EVERYBODY LOVED HER.
SHE ALWAYS
USED TO SAY--
[OVERLAPPING]:
"I NEVER MET A STRANGER."
[♪]
SO WHAT'S
THE FIRST CLUE?
"TWO SISTERS MEET BETWEEN 7 AND 72...
"BY CAITLYN'S CREEK AND VANESSA'S FONDUE."
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT THE REST OF IT,
BUT "VANESSA'S FONDUE"--
I WAS ON THIS "I'M MOVING
TO SWITZERLAND" THING
WHEN I WAS 13,
AND I DECIDED TO MAKE FONDUE,
AND I RUINED MAMA'S BEST SAUCEPAN,
TRYING TO MELT SWISS CHEESE ON THE STOVE.
EVERY TIME SHE TRIED TO COOK AFTER THAT,
MAMA WOULD ALWAYS SAY,
"NESSA'S GOING SWISS ON US."
I'M A TERRIBLE COOK.
SO, THE FIRST CLUE  HAS SOMETHING TO DO
WITH SWISS CHEESE?
I GUESS.
BUT 7 AND 72?
WHAT'S THAT?
79?
UM, WELL, UM,
WE'RE LOOKING
FOR A PLACE,
SO, UH, 72 COULD
BE HIGHWAY 72?
AND HIGHWAY 7!
THE PEAK-TO-PEAK
HIGHWAY.
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL
SCENIC DRIVE IN THE STATE.
YEAH. NOT A LOT OF
SWISS CHEESE THERE, THOUGH.
HMM.
WHAT'S "CAITLYN'S CREEK"?
NO IDEA.
THERE ARE ALL
KINDS OF CREEKS
AROUND
THE PEAK-TO-PEAK.
AND THEY ALL
HAVE FUNNY NAMES,
LIKE, UM, "BIG FISH,"
OR, UM, "LITTLE FISH."
SO MAYBE THERE'S
A "CAITLYN'S CREEK."
I CAN LOOK IT UP.
[SIGHS] OH.
BATTERY'S DEAD.
IF I HAD BROUGHT
MY LAPTOP,
I COULD FIND IT
IN A HEARTBEAT.
OH, IF I RECALL,
THERE WAS
QUITE A LONG HEARTBEAT
WITH YOUR LAPTOP THIS MORNING.
WELL, I HAVE A WHOLE BOOK
ON OBSCURE NAMES
OF ROCKY MOUNTAIN
CREEKS.
NORMAN, WE CAN
ALWAYS COUNT ON YOU.
WELL, HERE WE ARE.
IT'S HIGHLY IRREGULAR
TO ALLOW CIVILIANS IN HERE,
BUT IT'S UNIQUE CIRCUMSTANCE.
PLEASE, TRY TO
NOT DISTURB ANYTHING.
NO PROBLEM.
THIS PLACE IS PRETTY AMAZING.
OH! THANK YOU.
"CREEKS OF COLORADO..."
CROSS-REFERENCED WITH
"BODIES OF WATER
NEAR HIGHWAY 72."
HOW COME YOU CANCELED
YOUR DANCE ON FRIDAY?
I DIDN'T.
HE DID.
WHY?
-IT'S A TYPE OF CREEK.
-[SHANE SIGHS] I DON'T KNOW.
WELL, MAYBE I DO.
I JUST THINK
HE STARTED HAVING TOO MUCH FUN
AND STARTED
FEELING FUNNY ABOUT IT.
SAID HE WAS ONLY TAKING LESSONS
SO THAT WHEN HIS WIFE CAME BACK,
HE COULD SURPRISE HER
WITH HIS NEW...
DANCE PROWESS,
OR WHATEVER.
ISN'T THAT
KIND OF NICE?
YEAH.
BUT WHY DID HE HAVE TO DRAG ME
THROUGH TWO WEEKS
OF BORING DANCE LESSONS
ONLY TO GET COLD FEET
AND DUMP ME?
I MEAN, HIS WIFE LEFT HIM
AND MOVED TO PARIS.
FOR ALL WE KNOW,
SHE'S NEVER COMING BACK.
BUT, WELL...
AS LONG AS OLIVER KEEPS
CHECKING THE PARIS BOX
FOR LETTERS FROM HER,
DON'T YOU THINK
HE HOPES THAT
HOLLY'LL COME BACK?
HOLLY?
YEAH. HOLLY O'TOOLE.
I ONLY SAW HER A COUPLE TIMES,
BUT SHE SEEMED REALLY NICE.
AND PRETTY.
AND SMART.
AND SMART?
YEAH. LIKE YOU.
LEFT-HAND CREEK...
CRAZY BEAR CREEK?
OHIO CREEK.
ELK CREEK.
LONGS PEAK CASCADE.
SILVER CREEK.
OLD JOE CREEK.
EDGEWOOD CREEK.
HAPPY ROCK CREEK.
TUNGSTEN MINE CREEK.
LITTLE COYOTE CREEK.
BIG COYOTE CREEK.
COPPER CREEK.
-TWO BEAR CREE--
-[BOTH]: COPPER CREEK!
TRY COPPER CREEK.
REMEMBER?
WHEN I WAS
A LITTLE GIRL,
OUR MOM USED TO CALL ME
"COPPER CATIE" SOMETIMES,
BECAUSE WHEN
SHE'D BRUSH MY HAIR,
SHE SAID
IT SHONE LIKE COPPER.
OKAY. COPPER CREEK
RUNS PARALLEL
TO THE PEAK-TO-PEAK HIGHWAY
FOR SEVERAL MILES,
BUT IT DOES...
CROSS WHERE HIGHWAY 72
AND HIGHWAY 7 MEET!
[OLIVER]:
WELL, THAT'S A START.
I SUGGEST WE TAKE A RIDE
UP TO THE MOUNTAINS.
I CAN'T.
I HAVE DECIDED TO STAY
AND FINISH MY APPLICATION
FOR THE MISS SPECIAL DELIVERY
PAGEANT.
IT'S WHAT RENITA HAYWEATHER
WOULD DO.
WAY TO GET ON
THAT BANANA BOAT, RITA.
SHE STILL NEEDS TO
FIGURE OUT HER TALENT.
WELL, THAT'S WHY
YOU'RE GONNA STAY BEHIND
AND HELP HER.
[♪]
WHAT DO YOU THINK, NORMAN?
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE A...
A VOLCANO?
[OLIVER]: WELL, THIS IS
THE PEAK-TO-PEAK HIGHWAY.
[SHANE]: THAT MUST BE
COPPER CREEK.
LOOK FOR SOMETHING THAT
REMINDS VANESSA OF FONDUE.
[♪]
HAVE WE BEEN
HERE BEFORE?
YEAH.
I BET THAT MAGGIE PERSON'S
IN THERE.
OH, MY GOD.
REMEMBER NOW?
WHY HERE,
OF ALL PLACES?
I BET THAT'S WHAT
THE TREASURE HUNT WAS FOR.
SHE KNEW WE WOULDN'T COME
IF WE KNEW WHERE WE WERE GOING.
I'M SURE
SHE HAD HER REASONS.
WE SHOULD GO IN.
NO.
I'M NOT WALKING IN THERE.
I CAN'T BE HERE.
NESSA?
NESSA!
[♪]
OH. "DROVE TO NEDERLAND.
BACK AT TWO."
I SUPPOSE THEY WOULDN'T MIND
IF WE WAIT ON THE PORCH.
MIGHT AS WELL. CAN'T
LEAVE WITHOUT VANESSA.
SHE'D FIND HER WAY HOME.
SHE ALWAYS DID.
I'D BETTER GO
LOOK FOR HER ANYWAY.
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[♪]
[BIRD SINGS]
[BIRD SINGING]
OH, MY GOODNESS.
COULD THAT BE
A MOUNTAIN SPARROW UP THERE?
HMM?
THEY'RE EXCEPTIONALLY RARE.
ACTUALLY, QUITE SPECIAL.
DO YOU SEE?
RIGHT ON THE... OH.
[♪]
I'M SORRY? WHAT?
NOTHING.
IT'S JUST A SHAME YOU WERE
LOOKING AT THAT... THING,
YOU MISSED SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL.
PERHAPS IT WILL COME BACK,
THOUGH.
[SCOFFS, AMUSED]
OH, YOU FIND THAT AMUSING?
IT'S A BIRD.
THEY JUST FLY.
SOMETIMES, YOU'RE THERE
TO SEE THEM LAND
BEFORE THEY TAKE OFF
AND LAND SOMEWHERE ELSE.
THEY DON'T "COME BACK."
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK
THAT A BIRD WOULD
COME BACK TO ANYTHING?
BIRDS RETURN TO FAMILIAR PLACES
ALL THE TIME.
IT IS A MIRACLE OF NATURE.
WHY... WOULD I NOT HOPE
TO SEE THAT BIRD AGAIN, HMM?
HOPE, AFTER ALL, IS
"THE THING WITH FEATHERS."
I'M JUST SAYING
THAT SOMETIMES
YOU HAVE TO GET TO A POINT
WHERE YOU STOP HOPING
AND YOU LET NATURE
TAKE ITS COURSE.
WE'RE NOT TALKING ABOUT
BIRDS ANYMORE, ARE WE?
[♪]
YOUR TONE SUGGESTS
THAT YOU'RE ANGRY WITH ME,
SO I SUPPOSE IT'S ABOUT
ENDING OUR DANCE CLASSES.
YOU MAY FIND ME,
UH, QUAINTLY OLD-SCHOOL.
I CANNOT APOLOGIZE
FOR ATTEMPTING TO DO
THE RIGHT THING,
ESPECIALLY WHEN I
SEE I'VE MADE A MISTAKE,
AND--
SO BEING DANCE PARTNERS
WAS A MISTAKE?
LET'S CALL IT ILL-ADVISED.
I'M A MARRIED MAN,
AND IT BECAME QUITE OBVIOUS
THAT, ALTHOUGH WE'RE NOTHING
MORE THAN COLLEAGUES,
APPEARANCES...
MIGHT SEND
THE WRONG MESSAGE TO OTHERS.
ESPECIALLY SINCE I'M AWAITING
THE RETURN OF MY WIFE.
I'M-- I'M SURE
YOU COULD UNDERSTAND THAT.
OLIVER, SHE'S NOT COMING BACK.
I KNOW IT APPEARS THAT WAY--
THREE WEEKS AGO,
AN AMERICAN NAMED HOLLY O'TOOLE
SIGNED A THREE-YEAR LEASE
FOR A PLACE IN
THE FOURTH ARRONDISSEMENT--
-STOP.
-...OF PARIS.
DON'T SAY ANOTHER WORD.
[HUFFS]
HOW DARE YOU?
HOW DARE YOU INVADE MY PRIVACY?
AND MY WIFE'S
WITH THAT HORRIBLE MACHINE
AND THAT INSATIABLE CURIOSITY
OF YOURS?
I ASSUME
THAT'S WHAT YOU DID.
LOOKED UP MY WIFE'S
COMINGS AND GOINGS.
JUST BECAUSE YOU HAVE
THE MEANS TO DO SO,
JUST BECAUSE YOU CAN?
BECAUSE I CARE, OLIVER!
I WATCH YOU CHECK THAT STUPID
PARIS BOX EVERY SINGLE DAY,
TELLING YOURSELF
THAT SHE MUST HAVE
SENT A FORWARDING ADDRESS,
AND CONVINCING YOURSELF
THAT IT JUST GOT LOST
IN THE MAIL,
AND, SOMEDAY,
IT'LL JUST FIND ITS WAY BACK
TO THE DEAD LETTER
OFFICE AND--
-SO WHAT?
-"SO WHAT?"
SO YOU CAN STOP LIVING IN LIMBO
AND START LIVING YOUR LIFE.
IT'S MY LIFE TO LIVE!
WHY COULDN'T YOU
MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS?
JUST LET...
LET...
"NATURE TAKE ITS COURSE"?
I'M SORRY, OLIVER.
I AM TRULY SORRY,
BUT THIS BIRD HAS FLOWN,
MY FRIEND.
THIS IS HOW FRIENDS BEHAVE?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'VE NEVER HAD A FRIEND
LIKE YOU BEFORE.
YES, WELL.
YOU MAY PRESUME TOO MUCH.
[♪]
MAYBE SO.
[RELIEVED SIGH AND CHUCKLE]
THREE MINUTES!
PERFECT!
WHAT DID YOU THINK
OF THE LITTLE TWIRLY THING?
I JUST THREW IT IN LAST MINUTE.
YEAH, I THOUGHT THE TWIRL
WAS REALLY... TWIRLY.
REALLY? OKAY!
UH-- LET ME TRY IT AGAIN.
READY?
WHOA!
AH!
[GASPS AND SIGHS DREAMILY]
RITA?
[GUSHES]: NORMAN.
OH! THERE IT IS.
OOH--
MY INVERTED PINK PELICAN.
I'VE BEEN
LOOKING ALL OVER FOR IT.
GREAT.
HEY.
MS. DOHERTY.
WE WERE
WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
I'M SORRY, I JUST...
WHERE'S CAITLYN?
SHE'S LOOKING FOR YOU.
OF COURSE, SHE IS.
I ONLY WENT FOR
THE GIRL SCOUT BRONZE STAR.
SHE WENT FOR THE GOLD.
SOUNDS LIKE YOU TWO
HAVE BEEN THROUGH
A LOT TOGETHER, THOUGH.
MS. MINER,
I DON'T THINK THAT'S--
[VANESSA]: IT'S OKAY.
WE HAVE BEEN THROUGH A LOT.
WE DIDN'T REALLY
DO IT TOGETHER.
COMING HERE'S THE FIRST THING
WE'VE DONE TOGETHER IN YEARS.
CAN'T HARDLY REMEMBER
WHEN WE WERE EVER CLOSE.
I GUESS MAMA NEVER FORGOT.
[GIRLS GIGGLING]
GOOD MORNING,
MY CRAZY GIRLS.
CAREFUL. THIS IS HOT.
YOU HOLD THE CUPS, NESSA.
I SHOULD HOLD THEM.
NESSA'S TOO LITTLE.
I AM NOT.
I'M JUST TRYING
TO PROTECT YOU.
I'M PROTECTING YOU.
I LOVE TO SEE YOU TWO
TOGETHER.
WE'RE BEST FRIENDS
FOREVER.
FOREVER, FOREVER.
PROMISE ME
YOU'LL ALWAYS STAY FRIENDS.
YOU HAVE TO MAKE
A PROMISE, TOO, THOUGH.
LIKE WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAKE SOMETHING UP.
OKAY.
I PROMISE...
I PROMISE TO TAKE YOU
ON A HIKE TODAY
AND SHOW YOU THE CLOSEST THING
TO "FOREVER" THERE IS.
IT'S LIKE...
THE EDGE OF FOREVER.
I WANT TO SEE
IT'S THE MOST BEAUTIFUL THING
YOU'VE EVER SEEN.
DADDY SAYS YOU'RE
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL THING
HE'S EVER SEEN.
WE SHOULDN'T GO WITHOUT DADDY.
OH. THAT REMINDS ME...
[LIGHTER CLICKS ON]
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, NESSA.
MAKE A WISH.
I WISH DADDY COULD BE HERE.
WELL, GUESS WHAT?
HE WILL BE!
HE LEFT A MESSAGE
ON THE MACHINE
THAT HE'S FLYING TO LOS ANGELES
FOR HIS MEETING A DAY EARLY,
SO HE CAN BE HOME LATE TONIGHT.
I THOUGHT
HE COULDN'T COME.
SO DID I!
BUT I'M GLAD
HE CHANGED HIS MIND.
HE JUST MISSES US.
WELL, THAT MEANS WE BETTER
HURRY UP AND TAKE OUR HIKE.
LET'S WALK BACK TO THE STORE
AND GET SOME THINGS
FOR OUR PICNIC.
CAN WE MAKE S'MORES?
S'MORES!
YES. PROMISE.
NOW DRINK YOUR HOT CHOCOLATE
AND LET'S GET GOING.
[♪]
[BELL JINGLES]
[TV PLAYING QUIETLY]
HELLO?
[NEWS REPORT PLAYS ON T.V.]
...ATTACK ON NEW YORK CITY,
AND WE HAVE TO ASSUME
ON THE UNITED STATES ITSELF.
I MEAN, THERE'S A LOT OF CHAOS
ON THE GROUND HERE,
A LOT OF EMERGENCY VEHICLES.
COUNTLESS PEOPLE
ARE HERE EVACUATING
THE FINANCIAL DISTRICT.
THEY'RE MAKING THEIR WAY UPTOWN...
DADDY'S OKAY, RIGHT?
OF COURSE HE IS.
HE WAS FLYING
FROM BOSTON TO LOS ANGE--
[CHOKES UP]
[♪]
[SHAKING SIGH]
[ANCHOR]: ...FLEW THE FIRST
PLANE INTO THE NORTH TOWER
AT APPROXIMATELY 8:45
THIS MORNING...
[♪]
THAT WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU WERE HERE.
AND YOU LOST
YOUR FATHER THAT DAY?
[VOICE SHAKES]:
WE LOST IT ALL.
I REMEMBER MAGGIE NOW.
SHE WAS THE LADY
WITH THE TV IN THERE.
SHE GAVE US FREE ORANGE SODAS,
HELPED MY MOM
GO BACK TO THE TENT
AND PACK EVERYTHING UP.
SHE DROVE US HOME IN OUR CAR
AND MADE DINNER FOR US.
"SHE WAS
A GOOD FRIEND TO US,
ONCE,
WHEN WE NEEDED ONE."
THAT WAS IN THE LETTER.
I DON'T REMEMBER EVER
SEEING HER AFTER THAT.
I GUESS MAMA DID.
THEY SAY TRAGEDY EITHER
BRINGS PEOPLE
CLOSER TOGETHER
OR TEARS THEM APART.
WELL, I GUESS IT'S OBVIOUS
WHICH ONE HAPPENED
TO ME AND CATIE.
IT'S LIKE...
WE WERE DROWNING,
AND ALL WE COULD DO
WAS SAVE OURSELVES.
YOU KNOW
WHAT CATIE DOES?
SHE'S ONE OF THOSE
9-1-1 EMERGENCY OPERATORS.
AND YOU?
I MARRIED
AN AIRPLANE PILOT.
I FLY FOR FREE ALL THE TIME,
EVERYWHERE,
AS MUCH AS I CAN--
LONDON, ROME, PARIS.
EVERYWHERE BUT NEW YORK.
[VEHICLE APPROACHING]
SORRY.
HAD TO PICK UP SOME PROPANE.
YOU FOLKS
BEEN WAITING LONG?
[♪]
OH...
SHE CAME BY
AROUND FOUR MONTHS AGO.
WE TALKED
AND GOT CAUGHT UP,
THEN SHE...
SAT DOWN AND WROTE THIS,
RIGHT THERE AT THAT TABLE.
CRIED AND CRIED.
WE BOTH CRIED
BY THE END OF IT.
MADE ME PROMISE
THAT, WHEN THIS CAME,
I WAS SUPPOSED TO
MAIL THE LETTERS
AND WAIT
UNTIL THE TWO OF YOU SHOWED UP.
WE DID.
BUT NOW
CAITLYN'S OFF SOMEWHERE.
SORRY.
CAN'T GIVE THIS TO YOU TO READ
UNTIL YOU'RE BOTH TOGETHER.
THAT WAS THE DEAL.
-[BELL JINGLES]
-TOGETHER.
FOUND HER.
WE LOOKED
ALL OVER FOR YOU.
I DELIVERED THE ASHES
TO MAGGIE,
AND IT WOULD SEEM
YOUR MOTHER'S TREASURE HUNT
IS BACK ON TRACK.
THE TREASURE HUNT CONTINUES.
"NESSA'S FONDUE
WOULD HAVE BEEN WORSE BY FAR,
IF SHE'D TRIED
TO MELT A..."?
WHAT?
IF SHE'D TRIED TO MELT
A CHOCOLATE BAR.
RIGHT.
NEXT.
"INSIDE OF THESE TREATS
AREN'T BLUES OR YELLOWS,
'CAUSE WHITE AND PUFFY
MUST BE...."
"MARSHMALLOWS."
[MAGGIE CHUCKLES]:
OKAY.
CAITLYN, "TO SOLVE THE NEXT,
YOU'LL HAVE TO FACTOR IN
A BOX OF GRAHAM...."
CRACKERS.
IT DOESN'T RHYME.
FACTOR/CRACKERS?
SHE MADE THESE HERSELF.
SO SHE WANTS US
TO MAKE S'MORES?
ONLY AFTER YOU'VE ANSWERED
ONE LAST QUESTION.
"A TREASURE WAITS
"FOR YOU TO FIND,
"BUT ONLY
IF YOU LEAVE BEHIND
"WHATEVER EACH
HAS IN HER HEART
THAT KEPT TWO SISTERS
SO LONG APART."
[♪]
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
IT'S NOT GONNA CHANGE ANYTHING.
CHANGE WHAT?
DON'T TELL ME YOU HAVEN'T
ALWAYS BLAMED ME FOR DAD!
WHAT?
DAD LEFT BOSTON
A DAY EARLY
SO THAT HE COULD BE HERE
FOR MY BIRTHDAY.
HE WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN
ON THAT PLANE
IF IT WEREN'T FOR ME,
AND YOU KNEW IT.
IS THAT HONESTLY
WHAT YOU THOUGHT ALL THIS TIME?
THAT I BLAMED YOU?
NESSA, IT'S MY FAULT!
[SOBS]: IT'S ALL MY FAULT.
ALL THAT WEEK,
ALL YOU DID WAS CRY
BECAUSE DADDY WASN'T GONNA
MAKE IT HOME FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY,
SO I FOUND HIS NUMBER
IN MOM'S BOOK,
AND I CALLED THE HOTEL,
AND I LEFT A MESSAGE IN HIS ROOM
AND TOLD HIM HE HAD TO
COME HOME FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY,
BECAUSE YOU MISSED HIM
SO MUCH,
AND I MISSED HIM, TOO.
OH, CATIE...
I WAS JUST TRYING TO HELP.
AND ALL THIS TIME,
YOU'VE BEEN BLAMING YOURSELF?
I COULDN'T TELL MAMA,
I COULDN'T TELL YOU.
SO YOU JUST STOPPED
TALKING TO ME ALTOGETHER?
NESSA, I'M SORRY.
I'M... I'M SORRY.
OH, CATIE.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
[VANESSA SOBS]
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
[SISTERS SNIFFLING]
YOU'RE MY BIG SISTER.
[♪]
WE'RE ALL WE'VE GOT.
[SOBS]
[♪]
[SHANE]:
"MY DARLING GIRLS,
"IF YOU ARE READING THIS,
"IT CAN ONLY MEAN YOU FOUND
YOUR WAY TO MAGGIE'S TOGETHER
"AND HAVE FORGIVEN EACH OTHER
FOR WHATEVER IT WAS
"THAT KEPT YOU APART
FOR SO LONG.
"I NEVER KNEW WHAT IT WAS,
"BUT I KNEW IT STARTED HERE,
AND HERE IS WHERE
IT HAS TO END..."
[CARRIE, WRITING]: "SO,
THIS IS MY LAST GIFT TO YOU--
"YOU DID IT.
YOU HAVE FOUND EACH OTHER
AND YOU'VE FOUND ME."
[♪]
"EACH OF YOU IS PART OF ME,
"AND WHEN YOU FIND YOURSELVES
MISSING ME,
LOOK FOR WHAT YOU NEED
IN EACH OTHER."
"NOW I ASK ONLY ONE THING...
"THAT YOU LET ME KEEP
THE PROMISE I MADE SO LONG AGO
TO YOU."
"LET ME TAKE YOU ON THAT HIKE
"I WANTED TO SHARE WITH YOU
THAT DAY.
"GO IN SEARCH
"OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PLACE
IN THE WORLD.
"I CAN'T TELL YOU WHERE IT IS.
"IT WILL BE THE PLACE YOU FIND
AND AGREE UPON TOGETHER.
[♪]
"IT WILL BE THE PLACE
"WHERE YOU CAN
FORGIVE EACH OTHER.
"IT IS WHERE
YOUR DADDY WAITS FOR ME.
"IT IS THE EDGE OF FOREVER,
"AND IT IS WHERE
YOU MUST LET ME GO.
"BE HAPPY, MY SWEET GIRLS.
"TAKE CARE OF EACH OTHER.
"AND REMEMBER,
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE SISTERS,
"BUT MAYBE, TODAY,
"YOU LEARNED ONCE MORE
HOW TO BE FRIENDS.
"I LOVE YOU FOREVER
AND FOREVER.
MAMA."
I THINK
WE FOUND IT.
YEAH.
[SIGHS SHAKILY]
I THINK WE SHOULD SAY A PRAYER
OR A POEM OR SOMETHING,
BUT...
[VOICE BREAKS]:
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
I THOUGHT I WOULD.
BUT I DON'T.
YOU KNOW, MR. O'TOOLE
IS VERY GOOD WITH WORDS
AND RECITATIONS,
AND HE IS A MAN OF FAITH,
AFTER ALL.
I'D BE HONORED,
IF THAT'S--
YES.
IF THAT'S OKAY WITH YOU?
YEAH.
[MOUTHS WORD]
"WHENEVER I HAVE SORROW,
"WHENEVER CLOUDS ARISE,
"WHEN SONGS
GIVE PLACE TO SIGHING...
[CHOKES UP]:
"WHEN HOPE WITHIN ME DIES...
[♪]
"I DRAW THE CLOSER TO HIM.
"FROM CARE,
HE SETS ME FREE.
"HIS EYE IS ON THE SPARROW,
"AND I KNOW HE WATCHES ME.
[♪]
"HIS EYE IS ON THE SPARROW...
AND I KNOW HE WATCHES ME."
[♪]